♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Chase] "Pups Save Ryder."
[whistling]
[sighs]
This is why they call it Big View Trail.
[goat bleats]
Hey, that sounds like Garbi.
[bleats]
Don't worry, Garbi. Hang on, I'll get you!
[Rubble] Easy, easy, easy. There.
Thanks for helping me load up, pups.
I'm really running behind.
Oops. Missed. I'll get it.
Huh?
Whoa!
Uh, sorry about that, Mr. Porter.
It's okay, Rubble.
[all laugh]
[barks] Shovel.
Mr. Porter, your truck is full.
Where should I put these?
Just on the passenger seat will do.
Thanks.
[Ryder] Pretty steep hill.
How did you get yourself down here?
[grunts]
That's a longer drop than I thought.
Whoa! Looks like I'm going to need
some help getting you out of here.
[bleats]
Don't worry. I know who to call.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
No ledge is too high!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Sorry, Mr. Porter!
We have to meet Ryder at the Lookout!
Thanks for your help, pups.
Take a treat to go!
Mmm! Thanks for the treat, Mr. Porter!
[all laughing]
[all barking]
[gasps]
My biscuit!
Marshall, look out!
[all groan]
Got it.
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
[Zuma] Uh, where's Ryder?
Thanks for coming so quickly, pups.
I need you to rescue me.
[all gasp]
Rescue you?
-[bleats]
-Yes. And you, Garbi.
We're-- Whoa!
[all] Whoa!
Why is the picture spinning?
It's making me dizzy. [groans]
-[buzzes]
-[Chase] What happened?
[Mr. Porter] ♪ Ninety-eight
Grocery deliveries to make ♪
♪ Ninety-eight deliveries to make! ♪
Uh-oh!
[Mr. Porter]
♪ Take some groceries, drop them off ♪
♪ Ninety-seven
Grocery deliveries to make ♪
Without my Pup Pad, the PAW Patrol
won't know where to find us.
-How can we rescue Ryder…
-Without Ryder?
We can do it! We're the PAW Patrol!
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
First, we need to find him.
-Rubble, maybe you could--
-I'll look at Jake's.
I'll use my helicopter and goggles
to look from the air.
I could totally check the coast.
I'll check the parks and the field.
-Hang on, pups.
-Me too.
-Nuh-uh!
-[barks] Megaphone.
[Skye] No, I will.
I have a plan!
-[all] Ah!
-Sorry, pups. [barks]
We can track Ryder using the--
I know! Ryder's Pup Pad tracker
will show where he is on the big map.
That's what I was trying to say.
[beeps]
It looks like Ryder's
heading to Jake's Mountain.
Come on, PAW Patrol. Let's save Ryder!
Rocky, you stay here
and track the Pup Pad
and let Skye know which way he's headed.
And, Chase! I mean, me!
I'll search from the ground.
[all bark]
Great plan, Chase.
Thanks, Rubble.
But we all did it together.
-PAW Patrol…
-[all] Is on a roll!
[barks]
-[howls]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Yeah! [barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-Yeah!
-♪ Go, go ♪
[laughs]
-♪ Chase! ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[siren blares]
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Skye! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[siren blaring]
[tires squeal]
Hey, we don't have to wait for Ryder.
Oh, right. [chuckles] Let's go!
[siren blaring]
Skye, it looks like Ryder's
heading up to Jake's Mountain.
I'm on my way!
[man] Hey.
Next stop, cream for Callie.
♪ Ninety-six more deliveries to make ♪
♪ Ninety-six more deliveries ♪
[Rocky] Skye, Ryder's on the move again,
heading back down the mountain
to Yumi's farm.
[Skye] Okay, I'm heading down.
-[bleats]
-You're welcome, Garbi.
Hey, can you make it back up
this slope and get help?
Look out!
[grunts] Gotcha!
-[gasps]
-[bleats]
[Ryder] That was close!
[laughs]
Wait, the melons aren't for Farmer Yumi!
I got them from Farmer Yumi!
Melons for the mayor!
I don't see Ryder
heading to Farmer Yumi's.
He has turned around. U-turn! U-turn!
I'm on it! I think.
[Mr. Porter]
♪ Ninety-one grocery deliveries to make ♪
♪ Ninety-one grocery deliveries ♪
♪ La la la, la la la, la la la, la ♪
♪ Ninety-one grocery ♪
[Skye] I just see Mr. Porter's van.
Hmm.
Hey, maybe Ryder and Garbi
are riding with Mr. Porter.
Chase, check it out.
-Chase is on the case.
-[siren blaring]
-[horn honks]
-Huh?
Attention, Mr. Porter, please pull over.
This is an emergency.
What would Ryder and Garbi
be doing in my van?
But-- But--
We tracked Ryder's Pup Pad right here.
[sniffs]
Look! It's Ryder's Pup Pad.
Well, how did that get in my van?
Ryder must have dropped it.
That's why it went all spinny.
And somehow, it ended up
in this box of groceries.
PAW Patrol, we've been tracking
Ryder's Pup Pad, but not Ryder.
What? That means we still have no idea
where Ryder and Garbi are.
[whimpers[
Wait! We can go back
and see where the Pup Pad was
when Ryder called us.
[barks]
Tool arm.
Skye, Chase!
Ryder was on Big View Trail
when he called us.
[Skye] I'm right there, Rocky.
If this is where Ryder
dropped his Pup Pad,
he should be nearby.
I see them! [yips]
The ledge looks like it's gonna crumble.
We need more help, fast.
[siren blaring]
We have to get Marshall's ladder closer,
but these boulders are blocking us.
Not for long.
Great teamwork, pups!
[both bark]
Marshall, get your ladder in there.
I'm fired up!
-[barks] Ladder up.
-[beeps]
My ladder's not long enough.
How else can we get them?
Ryder, get in the harness!
Thanks, Skye. Good plan!
[bleats]
Don't worry. You're coming with me.
Let's go, Garbi.
[bleats]
That was close.
-[all bark]
-Go, team!
[Skye] Meet you all back at the Lookout.
[both bark]
[laughs]
I knew I could count on you pups!
[all barking]
Who wants a snack?
Thanks, Mr. Porter.
[laughs] Looks like someone's hungry
after being up on that ledge all day.
-Huh?
-Garbi, dude.
-Give that back!
-Hey, Garbi!
Don't worry. There's plenty
of watermelon for everyone.
[laughs] A hungry goat will eat anything.
Won't you, Garbi?
[gasps] My Pup Pad!
Ah, it's okay, Ryder.
We have a spare.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help!
-What good pups.
-[all laugh]
[theme song playing]